All this concurrency stuff is actually kind of working out.
So now to make sure that these listeners are working correctly, we're going to start to write a couple
of tests around them.
We're going to first write a test around the ticket created listener inside of all the tests, we're
going to write around these listeners.
We're going to essentially repeat the same operation over and over again inside of every test.
We're going to create an instance of this listener.
We're then going to fabricate a data object and fabricate a fake message as well.
We'll then take that fake data object in the fake message, pass it into the on message function, and
then make sure that the on message function does some appropriate thing.
So in this case, for the ticket created listener, we're going to make sure that if we pass in some
valid data object and some valid message, we should end up creating a ticket, saving it to the database,
and we should also end up calling the messages act, function or knowledge function.
That's the goal of all these different tests are on the listener.
Create the listener, call on message.
Make sure it does something appropriately.
So to get started, I'm going to find my listeners directory.
I'll make a new folder of underscore, underscore, test, underscore, underscore.
Inside of there.
I'll make a new file of ticket created listener tests.
Before we add in any import statements into this test file, I would like to just write out a test definition
and put some comments into it to kind of outline what we really need to do.
We're going to end up having to write a lot of imports.
So if you just write the imports right away, we're going to end up with a lot of stuff inside of here
that might not make a lot of sense.
So let's just put together a couple of comments first.
So I want to have a test of something like it creates and saves a ticket.
That is ideally what our ticket creative listeners are going to do.
It's going to create and save a ticket.
The other thing they would do ideally if we provide it some valid data object and message is it's going
to also EQ the message.
And to make the sentence here with it kind of read correctly, I'm going to change it to it.
X the message.
So again, I want to write out just a couple of comments in both these just to make sure that what we're
going to do inside of your all to set up is going to make a lot of sense.
So inside of here, we're going to first create an instance of the listener.
We're then going to create a fake data event.
That's going to be our data object.
It's going to be this argument right here.
So it's got to be some kind of object that has an ID version titled Price and User ID.
We're then going to fabricate also a fake message object.
That's going to be this message argument right here.
It's supposed to be of type message.
And remember, message is a type of object coming from the node net streaming library.
The only thing we care about that message object is for the ACT function.
It has several other functions on it, but we don't care about them at all and that's actually going
to be very relevant very quickly.
After that, we're then going to call.
The on message function.
With the data object plus message object.
And then finally, we're going to write assertions to make sure a ticket was created.
And that's pretty much it.
Now down here, the second statement or the second test, as you guess, all these setup steps need
to be done down there as well.
So we still have to create an instance of a listener, big data object, blah, blah, blah, all that
stuff.
So I could put down all the comments like so.
And then finally at the very end, add in something else.
We'll say write assertions to make sure ACH function is called.
Right away.
I want you to just notice all these setup comments look identical, and chances are we don't want to
duplicate all this setup code.
So rather than setting up all the stuff inside of each individual test, I think it would definitely
make a lot of sense to make some kind of reusable setup function at the top of the file.
We could call it simply setup.
And make it an async function because we'll probably eventually end up doing some async stuff inside
there.
And then we can do all of our common setup for both these tests inside the setup function.
So I'm going to move all these comments around the setup.
The first three.
Really?
Into that set up function.
That's what we're going to do inside of setup and we'll eventually call setup from inside of our actual
tests.
I'll fix up the comments inside the second test as well.
Here we go.
Okay.
So that's it.
That's the plan for this file.
And this is the plan that we're going to go through for every lesson listener that we write tests out
for.
That's why I wanted to just take a little bit of time to outline what we have to do, because we really
are going to be repeating these steps many, many times for all of our different listeners.
So quick pause right here.
We'll start to put together this setup function in the next video.